I was watching a tiktok video about the Harvard open course on Justice, what's the right thing to do? Then I saw this portion where a man is recuiting for a female egg donor, 178 cm tall, bachelor' degree, must be blonde...for 50,000 bucks! And there is this sperm bank that only accept sperms donated from people who are at least 180 cm tall, blonde, blue eyes, holding on to a bachelor' degree or better. They were offering $75 for a successful donation, or $900 a month if they can donate 3 times a week. 

Shall we allow people to sell their sperms and eggs? Is that a right thing to do? In my honest opinion, I believe it is alright to sell this. 

Not that I mean that sperms and eggs shall be labelled a price, that sounds exactly like putting a price tag on people, "oh you have blue eyes so add $50 value to your sperms", things like that, that's bad. If we consider how hard it is to store these sperms, and people who keep these sperms and eggs, they need money to survive. The equipments, need money to purchase, and the company and businessmen who are willing to do this business, they need a reason to do all these, that is to earn money. I guess they will say the same, we are not putting a "valuable" tag on people with blonde hair, blue eyes, it's a pattern seen in the customers. Businessmen sees the pattern and make the right decision, if 80% of the people are looking for sperms donated by people with blue eyes, is it a right decision to spend equal resources on all the sperms? is it a right decision to spend equal resources on sperms and eggs donated by different kind of people? From the company strategy point of view, strategically adjusting the resources to maximise commercial gain is the key to survive. So it is not really the company that is setting the price of different people, it's the general public that is doing the decision. The company, it's just a tool to express people's choice, and providing jobs, money, sperms and eggs for those who need them. It is really the people who are putting a price tag on people.

In a pack of wolves, the strongest wolf will be selected as the leader, and the leader will choose the strongest female wolves to have a few pups, that' natural selection, that's the natural right for people to choose what they like. 

not finished yet
